I have created an Express server with swagger
That then generates some API documentation based on swagger.yaml files
This has two API calls: - GET - list of users - POST - a new user
Both of these have there own type definitions on the server side for their request and responses.
Normally when we need to use a new API endpoint on the frontend, we create the types and API call functions manually.
This does take time to do and can result in situations where an API is updated but the frontend doesn't reflect that update.

This aims to solve that issue by automatically generating the the types and API functions based on the swagger JSON.
I'm using an NPM module called swagger-typescript-api.
This needs a link to the swagger.json, which is auto generated by swagger.
And then has a number of config options to generate the output required.
Here, the output generates two different files:
api-client: this generates a namespace called API the that can be initialised.
Then with the apiClient object you can call all of the endpoints included in the swagger.json, plus they will be fully typed.
api-types: this is the type file for all of the endpoints and all of the types used.
For example, here I can import the Person type which was defined in the backend.

I can import both of those files into my project, in the real world this will be a package, and be able to quickly use all of the endpoints.
But also use any types that are shared between FE and BE.
If there are any updates to the swagger docs, then the script will need to be ran again and imported.

There are a couple of issues with implementing this, mainly this relies on the swagger docs to be well maintained.
There are examples in the codebase, where the type expected on the frontend doesn't matchup with what is in the swagger documentation.
